Hey hey and hello sprayers wherever
you are, welcome back to
this channel. Of course, to watch
great films, this time I will
tell you a summary of the film
entitled Beauty Salon Special Services
which was released in 2016 this film
tells of a woman who
has a salon but  the salon was
very empty of customers until finally
her female cousin came up with an
innovation in another to save
her cousin Shalom okay let's just
watch the full story the film begins
by showing a
woman named a child who is going to
her cousin's salon
When she arrives at the salon her cousin looks
at her cousin's face  this one named
supiyo is feeling very gloomy, it seems that there is
a serious problem that is being
faced by Sooyoung. After you
ask Sukyoung about the
problem, it is known that it turns out that
Young's consumption at that time is very
low with customers.  i
he also had to extend his
salon contract only then said
to Sooyoung that he had to make
an innovation so that the salon did not
go bankrupt in the middle of their conversation
a man came and Sooyoung spontaneously
took the man to the
cashier desk to offer treatment.
it turns out that the man didn't come
for treatment at the salon but just
wanted to ask for the address the next
day when Sub was at
his salon there was a man who used
Mrs.'s services came to Sooyoung's salon, the
man turned out to be the owner of
the salon building that Sukyoung rented who
at that time charged
supiyo salon contract extension money but because the
salon customers were very quiet at that time
supiyo asked the shop owner to
provide relief and he promised
to immediately pay off
Shin's salon contract extension money then turned to
Hana who was trying to
apply for a job
but unfortunately  No
company is willing to accept Hana so she
then goes to see Sukjong at
his salon and they both look
very gloomy thinking about their bad luck
they finally decide to
go to a cafe for drinks
while trying to forget the
problems they face in
the middle  their conversation just
suddenly got the idea to
work with Sooyoung to
run a sukyoung salon so that the
salon can Rise from adversity
just have an idea to do an
innovation can directly Kiong by
adding a new service method that
will attract more customers
sukyoung gladly accept
the invitation from Hana and he asked
Sooyoung to come to the salon tomorrow
to start the idea that he said earlier
and the next day only came to the
salon with a pretty sexy appearance
with a pretty tight dress and
really showed
Sooyo's bovine curves  ung was quite surprised to
see his cousin's makeup.
He was also confused about what
his brother would do to
fix his salon at first the salon
looked still quiet but in the
evening there was a man who finally
came to the salon only swiftly and
immediately greeted his first customer
in a friendly manner.  and slightly
spiced up by the temptation of spoiled supiyo, who
still doesn't know about Hana's plans,
can only stay silent to see what
supiyo will do to his customers,
start only providing service to
that customer and how
surprising it turns out that he only takes off
his clothes and then gives
plus-plus services to the man  That was
after the plus-plus service was provided by
Hana. The customer seemed satisfied with the
service provided and he also
paid dearly for
Hana's steady service earlier, this clearly made
Hanna and Sooyoung happy because it
seemed that Hana's crazy idea was going
well, but Sooyoung persisted.  I wonder if it
's okay and Hana just
tells Sooyoung to stay calm
since running Hana's crazy idea
and the Sukim salon continues to increase
until finally Sooyoung is interested
in learning to serve customers
the Hana way. Hana then teaches
Supiyo how to serve bananas and also
twin seeds of customers and the next
day supiyo was ready to serve
his first customer that day the tribe
wore a pretty
sexy dress and he was ready to serve
a man named Minho so that
supiyo wouldn't be awkward to do
his first action just leaving Soo
Kyung alone with min-  ho at the salon and
Sooyoung finally did her
first plus-plus service on Sunday
after finishing drinking, of course, she had to
pay for the service that had just been
provided by Sooyoung and she was surprised
after seeing the service bill that
Sugeng had given because the price was
very expensive but after
Sooyoung came,  Go to Min-ho and
tease him a little. Sunday, finally willing to
pay the bill, customers after
customers began to arrive, annoyed,
they got recommendations
from men who had been there.
Hi, the income of the supiyo salon, which
used to be sad, has now increased
many times.
Then they celebrated the success of
their greetings by going to a cafe to
eat and of course also drinking soju the
next day Sunday they came back
to the salon only and Sooyoung to get
back to enjoying the fantastic service from
Sooyoung, it seems this week has
already been addicted to
Sooyoung and Seohyun's own service with
will wholeheartedly serve his
loyal customers day after day their customers
are increasing and
this has made them both
successful where Hana is now able to
buy an expensive apartment and
Sooyoung has been able to pay off the money for the
extension of her salon contract as well as
debts.  another debt one day when the
salon was about to close there was a young man
who came in annoyed with them for a
treatment, it seems this man didn't know
that the salon was a
plus-plus salon and as usual this curvaceous Z2
ferociously served
their last customer that day but
and after the man  The man got
service plus plus the man was
unable to pay the bill because he
only brought a little money. Obviously
this made Hanna and Sooyoung
angry but the man defended
himself by saying that he didn't
ask for treatment like that but
he only came to get
treatment like at a salon  -salons in
general because and Sooyoung did not
receive a defense from the man
then they ganged up on the man
until the man ran out of the salon
the next day the man came
back to the salon only and Sooyoung at
the same time as the previous day at
first only and Sooyoung seemed
annoyed with  the arrival of the man but after the
man said that he had
reported their greetings to the police
only suddenly became nice to the
man but the man was not
tempted by Ana then he ordered the
police who he had called
to come inside only and Sooyoung
finally  arrested by the police on
charges of having opened a plus-plus salon as
well as on charges of molestation
committed against the man yesterday
at the end of the film it was shown that Sooyoung
was waiting for someone
somewhere and of course the person she
was waiting for was her
cousin Hana they finally
met again after all this time  The long time
serving the men behind the
dancing bars ended the
film entitled Beauty Salon special
service. This is okay, that's all the video from former
Mantap. This time, a lesson can be
taken from this film, where a
business certainly needs a
new innovation in order to be able to grow and
develop.  That's a crazy idea that can be
done and can improve the situation
of our business, but in the end it
will be in vain because a business
that is run in a bad way
will of course also end badly.
who